your ass won't work always like in most
of the cases eight percent of yours
won't even work won't even perform but
the twenty percent of your age will
probably bring your eight percent of
Revenue hey everyone so we press here
and welcome to today's episode of behind
the ads where we learn how some of the
fastest growing companies approach
digital advertising joining me today is
none other than jomberg Becker Global
head of paid acquisition at cognizum
welcome young Burke
thank you for having me
super pumped to get into this
conversation today I'm a huge fan of
what you and the team at cognizam have
been doing so just at a very very high
level what does cognizant do and who do
you serve in a nutshells intelligence
tool and we share two personals sales
people and marketing people for sales
people we provide Global compliant
contact and Company for marketing people
we provide quality data Prospect list
and target audience calculation
so I live in your world of data and so
one of the things that I do is I explore
Partnerships so everything you're saying
I totally understand providing contact
data Etc firmographic data different
data sets so essentially allowing
allowing salespeople marketers to be
able to get in front of the folks that
they need to
yeah definitely and you know that
especially if you are using multiple
channels filing to your target market is
really hard and you cannot actually use
that to find that data to be able to
Target your character would you say you
have multiple personas yes yes we have
actually almost five main personas wow
okay that's incredible let's dive into
it a little bit what is your paid
strategy look like at a high level
actually the imagination is the name of
the game and we split the dimaturation
into two parts demand creation and
demand capture demand creation is
happening on page social Channel social
channels and demand capture is happening
on Google and at the end of the day we
have only one Target and that is to
create as much pipeline as possible
got it got it when you say social
channels what do you mean specifically
currently a YouTube Facebook and
Linkedin are the most profitable
challenge for us we are actually for the
last couple of months seeing people
coming from Reddit people coming from
quora and we can see that in the sub
attribution forms and I can see that
there's a huge potential especially
already however for me I feel like first
we need to make sure that we are
actually using we are using our budget
in the most effective way in the first
regionals and that's why I'm trying to
postpone our Reddit launch for a bit but
we will start doing Reddit as probably
in a month or two
that's amazing that's awesome so YouTube
Facebook LinkedIn are the big three
right now
yep I would say LinkedIn obviously is
the most important ones followed by
Facebook and YouTube got it that makes
total sense so the main creation through
social capturing through search I am
very curious
when it comes to building audiences each
one of those channels are very unique
how are you guys approaching getting in
front of your ICP especially when you
have five different personas in order to
do that actually I think we need to take
a step back because our strategy is
mostly relying on penetrating the market
as much as possible so we are trying to
not hyper segment our audience we are
trying to not create a very small very
Niche audiences on the contrary we are
trying to have big audiences and
penetrate everyone are with the rich
objective and obviously we are building
our own tool cognition to generate the
audience to create the audience and
Twitter on the LinkedIn side it is easy
because you can basically upload the
audience and Linkedin those twitch but
for Facebook and for YouTube this kind
of tricky for Facebook we are obviously
using Metallica and we duplicate the
audience there and try to Target the
same with metadata audiences on YouTube
this is something that that we are
trying to solve we've been using
actually broad match and with our Google
analytics audience actually I saw it
like in your LinkedIn market and
Affinity audiences yeah and we have this
Google analytics audience and we merged
it with broad match so we are trying to
use that audience and also we target
some specific channels that we know ours
will be got it and for everybody
listening that's not familiar Google has
just some Standalone audiences that they
provide out of the box in Market people
who are actively teaching certain things
and then Affinity people who are
interested and like certain topics and
things like that so you can combine in
market and Affinity audiences on top of
a search campaign to be able to layer it
a little bit further because that's one
of the biggest challenges with search is
two people can go to Google and search
the same exact thing and you're gonna
still pay the same cost per click price
for it
right on yeah I have so many questions
but I'll try to control myself as far as
as all that so one thing that definitely
stands out to me is
across all those channels there is a lot
of creative demands especially for
YouTube and video creative what is your
process for like brainstorming creative
and copy for these different channels is
the only company that I work for and I
say okay stop creating more creatives
the team is amazing now there's 40
people in the marketing team and we have
a different team for Pete for the
imagination the My Generation team is
mostly working on the paid social stuff
page social assist and we supported the
imagination team into two main personals
marketing the maturation team sells them
at the generation team and this team
both of these teams are constantly
working on understanding which type of
content is working which type of contact
is resonating and they are trying to
replicate the content for LinkedIn for
for Facebook but it is like a fully
functioning engine and it is not
stopping it is actually working on the
paintings life really hard because they
are constantly sending new stuff and I'm
like stuff yeah it's a good it's a great
problem to have but there's the old
thing any kind are an issue that's and
for this team that's just I have so a
lot of people are on the opposite side
of that they don't have any creative
it's like a dry desert and they're just
hoping for a drop of water wherever they
can find it in terms of producing
creative
just kind of
foundational pieces what had to happen
internally to even get that engine
created so that you could get to the
point where you are now I think the
biggest reason is our CMO at least she's
a big fan of demand generation and she
knows that we cannot be generating new
business with ebooks we cannot be
generating new business with business we
need to be different and to be fair we
are not the only player in the market we
have three very strong competitors uh
those three competitors are only doing
ebooks they are only doing e-blast the
webinars in order for us to stand alone
in order for us to establish our brand
presence we need to be different we need
to show something that that could be
unique and that's how we got to buying
got it so would you say if you don't
have that top-down buy-in it's going to
be a
challenge like I don't say impossible
but it would be a huge challenge
definitely like in my previous Company
Riverdale and when I was trying to get
the match jump buying I was being asked
the same question but the sales people
need to see more in class but the sales
people need to see more Imports
therefore we need to be concentrating on
creating ebook panels creating with
narviness and it was a hard gate because
I needed to provide the value however I
did I did but I did buy secretly I ran
since I ran ungated content without
speaking with my CMO without speaking
with anyone and after a couple of months
actually we have seen the spike and
people were like oh my God we are
getting good from submissions and the
conversion rate increase what and I was
like okay it's increased because of this
and then I got to buy him but still that
volume was not the perfect buying that
it was like okay you can use 20 of your
budget for brand evidence
that makes yeah
reminds me of an experience that I had
with YouTube ads so a lot of clients
that I worked with in the past with
YouTube ads YouTube is really great at
driving direct response but a good
click-through rate on a YouTube ad is
like two percent
so that means 98 of people are never
going to click through
and a lot of the clients that I work
with in the past they'll be like oh
YouTube is not really working turn it
off you have to give it some time and
I'll be like sure turn it off and then
literally within 14 days turn it back on
sales or conversions are dropping et
cetera Etc yeah so absolutely and that
actually leads me to my next point which
is when it comes to all of your
initiatives right you're you have a
whole full funnel approach you're doing
the demand gen Playbook where you're
creating demand through social channels
you're capturing demand what is your
reporting and measurement process look
like that is actually the tricky side it
is easier on the demand capture side on
the search side because we basically use
lost touch we know what each keyword is
bringing we know the exec ACV that can
come from a specific keyboard so it is
much easier on search but on the
imagination side we know that it will
never be accurate so we know this and we
Embrace this we are using multiplication
attributions we use for some campaigns
on the first for some Champions on the
last touch again we know that it won't
be accurate we are since we are only
relying on front submissions through our
website we also have a safe attributed
self attribution form after the form
submission we are getting some data from
there we are trying to use that data
every month analyze the first few times
in con from the contact campaigns from
the leadership campaigns to understand
if there's any specific content bringing
more Revenue again we know that it won't
be fully accurate so we have the
google.cg reports we see the metrics and
okay if we can see anything on the first
UTM great let's keep doing but if we
don't see anything it still doesn't mean
that it is not working also on the
demand generation side we report on
depending on the objective of the
campaign so we have five different
buckets or LinkedIn on Facebook there's
a Content pocket third leadership social
proof product and Demon the content
campaigns are only for the awareness
stage and they have the traffic
objective because the content campaigns
do not include the stuff that can be
constant in fit so for that we are
mostly tracking the traffic
ETR CPC session duration but for the
rich campaigns and those Rich campaigns
are the product value social proof and
Cloud leadership campaigns we are only
after engagement we are checking the
engagement rates on weekly and monthly
basis weekly mid tracking happens on the
campaign level and AD level so if this
is something weird going on we just
pause it or see what is going on but the
more big picture view is happening every
month and we compare the data with our
premise data and the thing is that
there's no blueprint so we are trying to
create our own benchmarks we are trying
to compete with each other but it seems
like it is going well so can't complain
there's so much I want to unpack there
so many nuggets that I hope people got
away with one is
what you just ended on which is you are
competing against yourself
you're comparing your baselines and
you're trying to optimize against that
that is one thing that is so critical
that truly separates in my experience
the top organizations the top
advertisers from the vast majority
because everyone's so obsessed with
benchmarks and other people's stats and
whatnot which is totally fine to get a
sense of things but it's not something
that you can die on because there's so
much Nuance within any business target
market industry offer all these
different variables that you don't
control so you're much better off
finding out what your Baseline is and
then optimizing against it
and even if we are in the same campaign
for the same personal same bucket the
metrics in the in IMA and us are
completely different like it is
happening in our account it is happening
with the same content so if it's
happening Even in our same content then
that cannot be Benchmark our only
Benchmark is the previous month and
previous contacts that's awesome and you
mentioned that you're reviewing metrics
from a performance level on a weekly
basis
and you're judging the success of these
Dimension campaigns of the engagement of
the content and how it's resonating with
your Market I really want to Triple
click on that because one of the biggest
traps that I have seen with companies
that try to shift to a demand gen model
and they start to focus on creating
demand following this Playbook is they
don't put enough attention on
understanding if their content is
actually being well received typically
what they do is they'll just take their
ebook they'll ungate it and then they'll
push it and then they'll push it for 90
days and then they're like what's going
on my pipeline isn't increasing there's
no more direct traffic to my site
referrals Etc demand gen doesn't work so
I would love to dive a little bit deeper
on that and how you guys approach the
content side of things to really fuel
this engine
the message we are following is the
click-through rates and clicks to the
landing page this is on LinkedIn and
from Google analytics we are getting a
registration duration what these people
are doing on the web decide what is the
boss rate and we try to look at this on
the weekly view because in most of the
cases we update the S on weekly like
maybe not the complete ad but maybe the
content of that maybe some of the ctas
so in order to understand it's I think
the weekly approach is very crucial
because you as in most of the cases that
if the click-through rate dropped if
there's something with on on the ad
Network and you can then basically go to
your team and say look this is
decreasing let's monitor this for the
next couple of days and if we see that
this will be like this let's change it
and our approach actually relies on a
two-week Sprint the first week is about
understanding which campaigns which ads
are working and we do that with even
rotation on LinkedIn then after first
week if we see some clear winners then
we pass some of the S and then turn on
the auto rotation to see if it is
actually and with this approach now we
actually still have some
campaigns running from July from August
but also in the same Advocate we have
campaigns that are running for only for
a week for two weeks
I see I see and
are you concerned when you're looking at
you're going through that Sprint
are you concerned with
frequency and ultimately what you're
looking for right is fatigue but I'm
curious when you're looking at you have
that one ad that's been running for a
while since June
well how do you make your decision on
okay we're going to pause this we're
gonna let it keep running for frequency
by checking the metrics is really
important and I will actually mention
two things here the first thing when I
joined cognition I ran a comprehensive
audit on all of the LinkedIn campaigns
on S and we have 1000s that are
currently live so it is really hard to
understand what is working and what was
not working and after that audit I
actually was able to find out some
patterns for instance in our product
when you book it the ideal number of s
be there was seven and if that number
was more than seven then the engagement
rate was dropping the frequency should
not have exceeded three but for Content
the frequency could could have gone up
to five so now we create those
benchmarks and we know that if frequency
will go higher than than the Benchmark
specific bucket much here but we are
also not relying on that because again
it is our own data and it can't change
anytime there is no thing on the
therefore we are checking these metrics
on weak basis and if we see that the
rates are dropping constantly in the
last three weeks for us it means that
okay stop
yeah
I hope everyone takes away
this the need to monitor your campaigns
and to have some sort of approach that
you follow everything yomberg is saying
is specific to Cognizant his
determination of frequency his
determination of length of flight for
the campaigns their whole approach is
unique to their company
doesn't make it right or wrong for yours
everyone's different and you have you
like individual things that you need to
sort out but you don't just run
campaigns blindly and then just hope
that you drive pipeline there has to be
this measurement in place to be able to
understand how do we make these
decisions and I think that if anybody
takes anything away from today's video
that they take that away on that note I
would really love to dive deeper into
what does your Tech stack look like for
paid media it's not just behave metadata
for audience building for automating
stuff I like the info emphasize the fact
that Salesforce okay Salesforce is being
used by almost every company but our
operations team is really strong and
actually this is the first time that I'm
using Salesforce at the full capacity
and I don't know it was such a powerful
tool Salesforce has become my best
friend in cognition we have a team of
three people only working for a
marketing team on the Salesforce side so
they are really helping my life to get
easier uh we are using Mutiny for web
personalization especially on Google the
problem though we are also trying not to
rely on any web personalization tools
that much because it might decrease the
landing page quality score on Google
therefore the eight quantity score so we
are trying to have still some specific
landing pages create for each Google ads
then we make small changes with website
visualization we enter we use winter a
lot to understand which content resonate
with the audience and sometimes we
actually have challenges in the team
some people Define some of the content
some people Define other contacts
obvious winter we are using drift for
website conversions our CMS is HubSpot
therefore we can create landing pages in
two seconds uh we are using spiteful for
Google s and there's funnel IO uh for
the data export from LinkedIn Facebook
to GDs
amazing and let me see if you had to
choose three tools that it's like life
or death you cannot survive without what
would they be obviously I'm not even
going to say Salesforce that's given I
would say Metallica Respect by the way
this is not a plug for metadata I'm just
generally curious
I I don't get paid
but I would say and vintage
amazing yeah the I think the reason I
doubled down on that is because a lot of
times people think that I need this
crazy elaborate Tech stack in order to
get started with paid advertising and
Performance Marketing
I would say that definitely or
tool that can help you to use the
LinkedIn or specific audience on
Facebook because you can not only rely
on LinkedIn even though your audience
might be on LinkedIn the costs that you
pay on LinkedIn
amazing like you pay like ten dollars
fifteen dollars for CPC and you cannot
afford to use LinkedIn only you need to
export different channels and for that
you need to be able to plug the same
audience on different channels yeah
right on so I'm curious youngberg paid
ads like the back of your hand when you
need help when you're stuck and you're
trying to brainstorm ideas what are like
the resources that you lean on that have
been super helpful for you that other
people could try to do the same
definitely not my account managers on
end of the page difference but not them
wait are you saying are you saying the
reps are not helpful
oh my God oh my goodness wait you don't
just do everything Google tells you or
Facebook or LinkedIn is that is what I'm
hearing yeah I don't know why because I
apply a lot of recommendations I use all
the broad match and that they don't I
don't know why it's a mystery but yeah
definitely not my account managers for
I would say two two places is it on
YouTube and actually one shout out to
you I've learned most of the stuff from
your YouTube videos back in the day like
five years ago four years ago but
definitely YouTube parents
nice that's awesome yeah I think that's
always super helpful because it's hard
to find resources for B2B advertising
figuring out where you can go I think is
super critical one thing you mentioned
earlier is to keep in mind that all of
the things they see they learn through
YouTube already like they are not always
accurate for your company you need to
take the as a grain of salt and apply
with for your company it might not
always be accurate for your company they
might not work for your company so you
need to be really conscious about
applying to stuff
yep I totally agree
I'm curious John Burke what advice would
you give someone listening who's
starting up a paid media program at
their company and then we'll start from
the bottom first start from Top like
first understand what is the target of
your company
is it to grow is it to get new customers
is it to increase the revenue by 50
percent first understand what is the
main goal for the company then work
through button understand what is the
conversion rate from approaching to two
win rate what is the MCAT opportunity
rate then work through button and
understand that what is working
sometimes you need to Kill Your Darlings
like you might think that some of this
might be important you must think that
some of the channels might be important
but focus on revenue and focus on what
is actually bringing revenue and one
thing I learned much later is that the
political principle like it's your ass
won't work always like in most of the
cases eight percent of yours won't even
work won't even perform but the twenty
percent offer is will probably bring
your eight percent of Revenue and you
cannot make everything perfect just be
mindful of what is bringing the revenue
and try to make them perfect
I'm right there with you and then even
then with the 80 20 it's 20 of your
campaigns but then within your their
campaigns it's 90 10 of your ads then
yield all of your returns one of the
things that one of the big traps that I
see
B2B marketers fall into is they try to
judge
every campaign equally and I think
that's a huge mistake because simple
example is if you're trying to drive
demos and you have a your best campaign
drove a cost per demo at this amount and
then you judge every other campaign
despite it using different ad types
different objectives to that same
average cost you're not going to be able
to really scale because some campaigns
are just better at doing certain things
versus others but doesn't mean that the
other ones are not worthwhile and that's
where it goes back to
understanding your numbers what is your
break even cost per lead so that way you
can use that as like a sense of Truth to
really determine how much you're willing
to spend on any one given campaign yeah
definitely and especially on search
campaigns you can go as greater as the
keyword level uh you can actually
understand what is the SUV of each
keyboard what is the CR of each keyword
then you can go backwards and you can
say okay this keyword for me can worth
up to five thousand dollars and this
keyword can be only for tenders for me
and actually there's some keywords in
our campus that I'm really okay to pay
one thousand dollars because I know that
they bring the whole Revenue again you
need to understand your metrics you need
to understand your own numbers in the
company
yeah thank you so much Jan Burke if
people want to connect with you where
can they find you I'm on LinkedIn
connect with jomberg he is a wealth of
knowledge on paid media and definitely
check out cognizant we're doing a lot of
great stuff on not just advertising but
as a marketing organ General I think
they're definitely a company that you
should keep your eye on in terms of
drawing inspiration and adding it to
your swipe file of best practices that
you can lean on
thank you so much for being here